readme.md, before:

# Clutter for a Cause

### Models
- User
- Clothing
- Shelter
- UserShelter
- Category

### From Project Proposal
The basic idea of this app is to help people cut down on clothing clutter and to provide them with information about local homeless shelters (and/or charities) where they can donate unwanted items instead of just throwing them away.

- Sign up/Log in: Users create their virtual closets and can save favorite shelters from search results
- Models: Users, Clothing, Shelters
- Third-party API: So far I haven't found a homeless shelter API, but I found a few websites that I think I can data scrape. I also found a recycling API that I might be able to use if those sites don't work for me.
- GET: Users can see their "closet," clothing detail, shelter search results, and saved shelters
- POST: Users can add pieces of clothing to their closets & shelter search results to their saved list
- PUT: Users can edit clothing details or tag clothing for donations
- DELETE: Users can "Trash" clothing to delete it or remove shelters from their favorites list

Commit message:

connected results and :id data scraping

readme.md, after:

# Clutter for a Cause

### Models
- User
- Clothing
- Shelter
- UserShelter
- Category

### From Project Proposal
The basic idea of this app is to help people cut down on clothing clutter and to provide them with information about local homeless shelters (and/or charities) where they can donate unwanted items instead of just throwing them away.

- Sign up/Log in: Users create their virtual closets and can save favorite shelters from search results
- Models: Users, Clothing, Shelters
- Third-party API: So far I haven't found a homeless shelter API, but I found a few websites that I think I can data scrape. I also found a recycling API that I might be able to use if those sites don't work for me.
- GET: Users can see their "closet," clothing detail, shelter search results, and saved shelters
- POST: Users can add pieces of clothing to their closets & shelter search results to their saved list. Shelter details also POST information for additional data scraping
- PUT: Users can edit clothing details or tag clothing for donations
- DELETE: Users can "Trash" clothing to delete it or remove shelters from their favorites list
